then pastor me in an hour - forgot about
me - its own safe if a living - huzzah
huzzah
it's not kinda get her measured own name
it ESMA an immaterial Karla Bluto and a
hill Bluto satisficer
why does he miss that a happy go - he
had minor hey faggot what happened you
are in an accident
oh my god Matt is he alive
as Stefan the hero he's fine thank you
how did you save you he didn't when
Jeremy brought you the hospital before
all this happened your injuries were
worse than anyone knew Meredith fell
made a choice
she used Damon's blood to heal you and
when Rebecca ran Matt's truck off the
road you had vampire blood in your
system
Lena oh my god does does that mean the
night am i dead
no she's still in transition not fully
dead not fully alive we have all day
before she has two feet that's a day to
exhaust every possible way out of this
there is no way out of it feed or you
die
fangs coming in maybe I can go to the
other side and bring her back what kind
of power is gonna let you kill yourself
and bring something back with you from
the dead
[Applause]
no matter what happens I'm here for you
we're making our move you have no idea
what you're up against
the vampire diaries season premiere
Thursday October 11th at 8/7 central on
the CW